== README

CodeKata is an example of doing a server in rails to serve API.
Api are made to login person and to ask for bands and concerts. The api system is really really simple

The project is made with rails 4 and ruby 2.2.1
To install the project just do a bundle update and migrate the files. Then start the server.
There are some fixtures that can be loaded about concerts and bands and also the admin user
For time issues i haven't covered the specs and test. I should do it soon.

There is a frontend for login very simple made with Chaplin JS. I have to improve it to permit more features.

the routes are very simple:

URI     Pattern                                 Controller#Action

GET    /bands/:band_id/concerts(.:format)          concerts#index

POST   /bands/:band_id/concerts(.:format)          concerts#create

GET    /bands/:band_id/concerts/new(.:format)      concerts#new

GET    /bands/:band_id/concerts/:id/edit(.:format) concerts#edit

GET    /bands/:band_id/concerts/:id(.:format)      concerts#show

PATCH  /bands/:band_id/concerts/:id(.:format)      concerts#update

PUT    /bands/:band_id/concerts/:id(.:format)      concerts#update

DELETE /bands/:band_id/concerts/:id(.:format)      concerts#destroy

GET    /bands(.:format)                            bands#index

POST   /bands(.:format)                            bands#create

GET    /bands/new(.:format)                        bands#new

GET    /bands/:id/edit(.:format)                   bands#edit

GET    /bands/:id(.:format)                        bands#show

PATCH  /bands/:id(.:format)                        bands#update

PUT    /bands/:id(.:format)                        bands#update

DELETE /bands/:id(.:format)                        bands#destroy

POST   /user/create(.:format)                      user_action#create

POST   /user/login(.:format)                       user_action#login

POST   /user/token(.:format)                       user_action#create_user_token

GET    /login(.:format)                            main_home#index

GET    /                                           main_home#index


Where format is html or json, it depends of content-type requested in the headers
